README.rst, before:

.. This file is included automatically by docs/index

=================
Ethical Ad Server
=================

The Ethical Ad Server is an advertising server without all the tracking.
It was created by Read the Docs to serve the ads on Read the Docs.

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/ethical-ad-server/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://ethical-ad-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
    :target: https://github.com/ambv/black

.. image:: https://circleci.com/gh/readthedocs/ethical-ad-server.svg?style=svg&circle-token=98361fb5f0a146a2bb1f4b3c27b04b329f53e8c9
    :target: https://circleci.com/gh/readthedocs/ethical-ad-server


Features
--------

* Supports image, image+text, and text-only ads
* Extensive and extensible ad fraud prevention
* Reports based on campaign, flight, or individual ad
* DoNotTrack ready
* GDPR ready
* Supports many targeting parameters options including:

  - geographical targeting by country and state/province
  - mobile, tablet, or desktop targeting
  - extensible custom targeting options

The Ethical Ad Server uses GeoLite2 data created by MaxMind
or IP Geolocation by DB-IP.

Use our existing ad network
---------------------------

This code is what powers our `EthicalAds network <https://www.ethicalads.io/>`_.
If you are just looking for a way to serve ethical ads,
we'd recommend you give our existing network a try.

Documentation
-------------

The `full documentation`_ is available on Read the Docs.

.. _full documentation: https://ethical-ad-server.readthedocs.io

Commit message:

Explicitly addresses the SaaS approach
As we define/refine our ability to support 3rd party ad/sponsorship administration, we wanted to let everyone know that this is on our roadmap.

README.rst, after:

.. This file is included automatically by docs/index

=================
Ethical Ad Server
=================

The Ethical Ad Server is an advertising server without all the tracking.
It was created by Read the Docs to serve the ads on Read the Docs.

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/ethical-ad-server/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://ethical-ad-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
    :target: https://github.com/ambv/black

.. image:: https://circleci.com/gh/readthedocs/ethical-ad-server.svg?style=svg&circle-token=98361fb5f0a146a2bb1f4b3c27b04b329f53e8c9
    :target: https://circleci.com/gh/readthedocs/ethical-ad-server


Features
--------

* Supports image, image+text, and text-only ads
* Extensive and extensible ad fraud prevention
* Reports based on campaign, flight, or individual ad
* DoNotTrack ready
* GDPR ready
* Supports many targeting parameters options including:

  - geographical targeting by country and state/province
  - mobile, tablet, or desktop targeting
  - extensible custom targeting options

The Ethical Ad Server uses GeoLite2 data created by MaxMind
or IP Geolocation by DB-IP.

Use our existing ad network
---------------------------

This code is what powers our `EthicalAds network <https://www.ethicalads.io/>`_.
If you are looking for a way to serve ethical ads to developers,
we highly recommend that you give our existing network a try.
If you are interested in handling your own ads sales while serving ads ethically,
please get in contact with us as we are currently building a solution for you!

Documentation
-------------

The `full documentation`_ is available on Read the Docs.

.. _full documentation: https://ethical-ad-server.readthedocs.io
